if i know at the end of the day i didn't
do something and someone's making some
[ __ ] up i'm gonna come out and
[ __ ] defend myself
and then at one point he said if nothing
is going to happen
then what's the point what's the point i
don't know maybe i could be one of your
friends maybe i can just be someone that
you
kiss never ever
have i re rejected someone's touches
and they said well if nothing's gonna
happen what's the point like what
many of us are deeply conditioned
whether we've examined it or not
to think oh well if i don't believe in
monogamy
then i believe in sleeping with as many
people as possible
that's the default or or even only
alternate proposition you will hear
christians muslims and jews arguing
against atheism
or even just arguing against a more
free-spirited approach to
religion your private life by saying
well if you don't believe in this
if you don't live with the fear of hell
after you die to deter you then you're
gonna end up
like jake paul anyone who makes
some false [ __ ] claims about me i
will chase it to the very [ __ ] end
and prove my innocence and
again my character from years from now
will show will show that this person and
this individual
is completely lying there is absolutely
no discourse in our society at any
level about doing numbers
and about doing finite numbers this is
the point where
if what he wanted is sex he sees he's
not going to get it
this is the point where we would just go
elsewhere but that is not what he did
when he
got up um he undid his pants and grabbed
my face
and started um [ __ ] my face
hi if you're new around here
my method of recording commentary videos
is to provide an opinion an analysis and
a set of reflections
that's still going to seem meaningful to
me if i come back and watch the video
five years from now when i've completely
forgotten
the controversy of the moment if you're
watching this
50 years from now and if you're watching
this five minutes from now
you have no idea who jake paul is stick
with the video
because we're going to talk about some
issues that are still going to be
relevant to your life
whether you're watching this five
minutes five years or 500
years from now because we're dealing
with questions that come very close
to the human heart to non-negotiable
tragically impossible to change aspects
of human nature the story
in the news today is that there was a
young woman
who claims that jake paul
raped her
and jake paul says that he doesn't
remember
having sexual relations with her at all
i'd like to start this video by pointing
out
that those two versions of events are
not mutually exclusive
it's quite possible that the young
lady's story
is entirely true and accurate
and that jake paul doesn't remember it
it's entirely plausible that jake paul
has slept with so many young women
whom he met or recruited from instagram
over so many days and so many months and
so many years
that he doesn't really remember meeting
this particular young woman at all
or what happened on that particular
night that's that's actually not even
implausible the purpose of this video is
not to go into the details
of the young woman's account but i would
point out that if this does go to court
she's already mentioned several
witnesses
if those witnesses back up her story i
think she has a very good chance of
prevailing
in a court of law i see nothing
implausible nothing incoherent
nothing wrong with her version of events
but it's the other side of the equation
i hear want a question
because i think it's much more
meaningful and relevant to our lives
what we're going to learn from this
we're going to have to apply
going forward for us the nameless
faceless morass of the audience it was a
very different controversy
involving a stand-up comedian called
chris delia
and a fellow vegan youtuber made some
commentary videos i can give you a link
to her channel
maggie sargent maggie
talked about her own experience working
in a stand-up comedy club
and she had the honesty to talk about
her own experience sleeping with
quite a number of stand-up comedians in
quite a number of one-night stand so
this type of honesty is rare
but that's what we come on youtube to
hear right
and then on the other side of it uh
chris d'elia the stand-up comedian
who's the center of a controversy in
defending himself
he chose to be honest about the extent
to which
he had slept with large numbers of
random women as he went from nightclub
to nightclub
from town to town at one point in his
confession
he states that look for each city he
went to for each gig
there were at least 50 women on
instagram
where he was responding to them and
trying to arrange to meet at a hotel or
getting to bed with them
i do not think the point is that he
successfully met up with 50
but the point is in each city there
might have been two or three or five or
ten
he was doing numbers as he went from
town to town
now it's easy to lose
sight of the millennium long
context these moral fables unfold in
right over the course of many centuries
we have been conditioned to embrace one
of two
paradigms one of which is absolute
monogamy
no sex until marriage and then total
commitment to only having sex with one
person
for the rest of your life and the other
is the rejection
of that paradigm implicitly or
explicitly
embracing an infinite number of partners
many of us are deeply conditioned
whether we've examined it or not
to think oh well if i don't believe in
monogamy
then i believe in sleeping with as many
people as possible
that's the default or or even only
alternate
proposition you will hear christians
muslims and jews
arguing against atheism or even just
arguing against a more free-spirited
approach to
religion your private life by saying
well if you don't believe in this
if you don't live with the fear of hell
after you die to deter you then you're
gonna end up
like jake paul you're gonna end up like
chris delia
sleeping with huge numbers of people
going from town to town
there is absolutely no discourse in our
society
at any level about doing numbers
and about doing finite numbers i think
it's going to be very clear to you that
in this video
i'm not giving advice for people who
have a whole lot in common with myself
and most people don't have very much
government
you know sometimes i do talk to young
men who have a lot more in common
with jake paul then they haven't come
with me
um if i were talking to jake paul
face to face if he happened to be a
cousin of mine or something because
we certainly wouldn't be friends um
let's suppose for whatever reason
he's somebody i get to sit down and talk
to once the while we're somehow
connected
through family or business you know i
might say to him
jake have you ever thought about how
profoundly different your life would be
if you let yourself sleep with
five women per year
this may sound kind of ridiculous and
perplexing in the audience but it only
seems ridiculous because we have no
cultural familiarity with this going
back over centuries and millennia
right oh for a guy like that a guy who
both
admittedly from his perspective and
notoriously in terms of his former
girlfriends complaining about him
the complaints from his girlfriends were
that even when he was swearing that he
was being
monogamous in a sense uh that he was
actually meeting up with and sleeping
with other women once every few days
some accounts say it's a different girl
every day but any case
more than one girl a month many dozens
or large numbers of girls per year this
is what's reported for him
and i don't really think he denies those
those rumors
perhaps even relishes the notoriety for
the large numbers
what if you limited yourself to
five for many of you in the audience
to sleep with five different people per
year every year
would be an unimaginably high number
that might seem tremendously
impersonal right say oh what so you only
know somebody for
for maybe a month or two and then you're
on to the next well i'm not
i'm not saying you you plan it that way
but for someone in jake paul's position
who has the power and the wealth and the
fame and the privilege to contact
any number of instagram models what if
when it's january 1st it's the start of
a new year you say yourself you know
what
this year there are only going to be
five
each one you pick now suddenly
you're going to put a lot more energy
and attention into picking them right
now suddenly it's not just going to be
oh well she looks cute enough or she
looks attractive enough
right now there's actually going to be
some soul searching
if there are only going to be five
maximum this year
do i really like this person do i really
want to get to know this person
is this somebody i want to know for like
a whole two months
is there is there i know this may sound
surreal to many of you guys but
to have a guy like that ask himself is
this someone i have enough in common
with that i'm going to want to know them
for two months for a two-month
relationship
rather than a you know a two-day
one-night relationship
right as opposed to one-night stands or
whatever
and if you try your hardest
to have meaningful relations with five
people
the year ain't over yet you're stuck
you made a vow so now for however many
months are left in the year
jake either you've got to wait it out in
celibacy
reflect on think about how you manage to
screw up five different relationships
that year
or you look back
at those five from the past and think do
you
is it is it worth it maybe should i go
back and should i try again with
this one or that one right
can you imagine in what a subtle and
profound way
the whole life of someone like jake paul
would change
if he had a finite limit
to his womanizing even if you know what
if it's five per year
after 10 years that's 50 people
but still it might be closer
to five real relationships
now
when people come to treat one another
as disposable even with the best of
intentions
situations like this situations like
jake paul
facing criminal charges for some kind of
sexual assault or some kind of rape
we'll see what the judges are okay not
only can
things like that happen
it is very believable to me that the men
involved may have become
so accustomed to sleeping with a
rotating door
of one anonymous instagram model after
another
that they would not even remember the
particulars of what happened with the
particular girl
what is it now a whole a year and a half
later
right this is the terrible thing about
the friends you choose to have the
friends you choose to reject
right your romantic relations other
people with time
you're training yourself you're
conditioning yourself you're
transforming yourself to be
a different person there's another type
of person you become
and yet you know people talk about
pimping
like it's a joke it's no joke right
is that who you want to come do you want
to become a pimp do you want to become a
whoremonger
do you want to become someone who's a
serial consumer
of aspiring models exploiting
their hopes and dreams for fame
self-promotion or at least employment to
get into bed with one after another to
the point where you don't really
remember
their names or their faces or how you
met
or whether or not you met at all and
okay do you think chris de elia
could pass a pop quiz if he was if he
was sending
50 different women messages trying to
get to bed with them
with each city in each town he went to
on tour
right and and think about what a
difference it would be if instead of
50 women a week it was five women per
year and what a difference it would be
for everyone involved of course not just
for the famous man or question
but of course for the women themselves
it's not
just quantitatively that you're changing
your relationships
it's qualitatively and i think there are
a lot of obvious ways in which
with the passage of time qualitatively
you're changing who you are
you're changing yourself now
my regular viewers absolutely hate it
when i tell anecdotes about my own
personal life my own dating life
my own sex life for my own lack of a sex
life
but you know um there was a woman
of about 30 years of age who
was trying to get into bed with me and
you know she was she said words
to the effect that i was a special
person to her
she wasn't terribly poetic about it and
i wasn't
entirely clear at that time where this
flattery was going
but soon enough thereafter it became
clear
for what reason in what way she was
telling me that i was a special person
her
and you know at the time she approached
me
she had a complex situation with
breaking up with an ex-boyfriend
and then getting back together with him
a year later
and then not working out and bringing
out kind of
and i asked it was just within the
confines of this conversation like
she was talking about different
permutations of this and the fact
she stated that she had slept with other
man during the time when she'd been
broken out of this guy and i asked well
okay but you know
so it's about one year and how many
partners did you have
you know between when you broke up and
when you tried to get back together
again
i was honestly just counseling her like
about how to make it work if
she's getting back together with a guy
or what's going on
and you know she said 12.
and she was like no no no no no wait
wait wait wait there were there were
several others and then i forget goes up
to
14 15 right the numbers keep climbing
she sits and
thinks about it right okay you know no
no shade you know we all
make choices we all live with the
consequences
right
but obviously if this woman is
approaching me
and as became clear not that long
thereafter this woman is
trying to have a high commitment
monogamous
relationship with me and she's telling
me i'm a special person
well how special am i
when you broke up with your boyfriend
there were about 15 other guys you went
to performing
and now you're coming to me now you're
knocking on my door now you're you know
now you're trying to get
me really so you know i'm i'm special to
you
but really i'm not that special now
i'm gonna ask you guys i'm not hating
the player
and i'm not hating the game
i'm not i'm not i'm asking you
really what kind of person do you want
to be
and what kind of person are you going to
become when you live this way
all right it's not just jake paul
it's not just chris d'elia who have this
kind of lifestyle open to them who have
these kinds of options
okay
when i was living in thailand i knew
guys
who were a lot uglier than i am who were
doing numbers right
i knew one guy who lost his virginity
with a prostitute and i could just
just see it you could just smell it on
him he was just dripping with it
and you know it wasn't that he only
slept with prostitutes he went to
nightclubs and so on and so forth he had
all these different relationships with
women
but you really couldn't shake the
feeling
that he had been conditioned or he had
conditioned himself
to pretty much treat all women as
prostitutes that was
pretty much how he lived his life i'm
not going to get into the details by
how i knew that guy you know um i know
i know i grew up listening to rap music
we've all heard a lot
about pimpin and commercialized
sexuality and
these kinds of things right you got to
look in the mirror
and ask yourself who do you want to be
who you're going to become
where this is going what the subjective
and objective consequences are for you
and ironically christielia he reached
that breaking point where the main
thing he had to reflect on was that he's
now a parent
and he doesn't want his own son to grow
up to be like him
he's ashamed to talk to his own wife
about these things and he's ashamed to
talk to his own wife or his own daughter
about the life he used to live and that
he lived for many years living right
okay interesting perspective and a lot
of people in this audience a lot of
people in this audience who feel they've
never had this choice
they've never had this option they've
never had the option of being 50 people
a year or 100 people you're saying
yeah you know what you know the the
morality lecture
i get it to some extent but why don't
you let me also
make the mistakes uh chris delia and
jake paul have made
and then i'll get enlightened and
sensitive and more like afterwards
afterwards i'll seek out my own moral
rectitude
after i've been through a hundred
instagram models or whatever it is right
but the part you don't know the part you
can never know
is what's going to be left of you right
after the 100
instagram models have come and gone and
i think in a real sense
you can look into jake paul's eyes as
he's making these denials
now is he's making these public
statements of his
moral purity he's claiming to have no
responsibility for him
you can look at jake paul and ask
yourself what's left of you
jake and 10 years ago
whenever you got on this fame and
success bandwagon i don't know is it 20
years already
you know is this who you want to be is
this you want to become
and i don't mean is this
who you wanted to be known as publicly
i'm not asking
is this the public reputation you wanted
to have
i'm asking is this who you
wanted to be okay
now the reality is
a whole lot of us whether you live in
thailand
or you live in los angeles if you are
just
a good good-looking guy or a
good-looking
female and you're ready to do the work
you're ready to make the effort you
probably
could you probably could
have a sex life as dissipated
[Laughter]
as jake paul or christie it won't be
easy
it won't be cheap it won't be quick it
won't be passive
it it'll it'll be in a real sense you
know
your life's work and
i think the greatest tragedy of all is
that people don't do that
for the sake of sex and they don't do it
for the sake of love and they don't do
it for the sake of friendship even
you know the people live that way at the
end of that process i don't think they
have a lot of friends in their lives
you know i don't think they have a lot
of love in their lives
i think they do those things tragically
for self-esteem they do it in order to
feel good about themselves
they do it so that they can feel they
have something
to be proud of and tragically that goes
down to and including
the guys sleeping with prostitutes in
thailand it's something they brag about
something they feel they've accomplished
like climbing a mountain
right
and then there are only two ways that
story can end right
either it ends with you actually feeling
ashamed
feeling disgust for the man you've
become
feeling despicable in your own eyes
feeling despised by your own wife or
your own children as the case may be
like
crystallia right
or you look in the mirror
and figure out that you're a scumbag
like jake paul and right down to the
mirror of your bones
you ain't got no sense you ain't got no
shame
at all my sling is editorial explicit
material
briefcase show live and stereo flow fill
me